hi welcome to lens recipes tonight for
dinner I'm going to make a cottage pie
this was a recipe that was requested by
one of my viewers Dylan and I really
didn't know what a cottage pie was I did
a little research and found that that
cottage pie in shepherd's pie are the
same thing I am familiar with the
shepherd's pie and so this is what I'm
making for dinner tonight and I hope
that you enjoy it Dylan
amounts of the ingredients that you're
going to need for this pie will be
listed in the information box below
where you can find it on the website the
meat portion of the pie ingredients are
ground beef kitchen bouquet and this is
what it this kitchen bouquet looks like
if you're not familiar with it you can
just find this in the regular grocery
store you're going to need water wish to
share sauce chopped onions canola or
vegetable oil all purpose flour dry time
and you're going to need a couple of
bouillon cubes you'll also need a
casserole dish that you have sprayed
with cooking spray I'm going to put a
potato layer on top of the ground beef
to make the mashed potatoes you're going
to need these ingredients you'll need
some red potatoes some butter salt white
ground pepper nutmeg heavy cream and egg
yolk and to top it all off after we have
the beef and the potatoes all done we're
going to sprinkle on some cheddar cheese
I'm going to put my oil in my pan and
let it get a little bit hot and it's
doing a little rippling and you can tell
it's hot when it starts making little
lines I'm going to add my onions we're
going to saute these onions until
they're soft and a little bit
translucent
my onions are getting soft so I'm going
to add my ground meat and we're going to
break this up
and I'm going to cook this until it's
done and no longer pink the ground meat
is ready so now what I'm going to do is
add in the flour stir that a little bit
I'm going to add in my time and my boy
on cubes my wish to share in my kitchen
bouquet and two cups of water I'm going
to turn it up and bring it to a boil my
beef mixture is boiling so now what I'm
going to do is I'm going to turn the
heat down and let it simmer for about 30
minutes the big part of this shepherd's
pie is done so I wanted to put it in to
the bottom of the casserole so I'm using
this spoon and I'm just going to cover
the whole entire bottom of the casserole
with the beef okay so now what I'm going
to do is set this aside for just a
minute we're going to move on to our
mashed potatoes I've peeled and cubed my
potatoes I put them in a pot and cover
them with water and now I'm going to
bring them to a boil then I'm going to
turn them down let them simmer for about
20 minutes until they're tender
come out potatoes are done I've drained
them and know what I'm going to do is
I'm going to take my potato masher and
I'm just going to start mashing them ok
I'm going to add my butter the salt and
the pepper the egg yolk the heavy cream
I'm going to grate a little nutmeg
continue to mash ok my mashed potatoes
are done so we're going to spread these
over the top of our ground beef mixture
if you want to do this a different way
you can put it in a piping bag and pipe
it on
spread it
okay my potatoes are spread across the
top of the beef and now I'm going to
take the cheddar cheese and sprinkle it
on top
I've preheated the oven to 350 degrees
and i'm going to put my shepherds
cottage pie in and i'm going to make it
for 30 minutes my cottage shepherd's pie
is done it cook for 30 minutes this is
what it looks like right out of the oven
and now i'm going to serve some this is
cottage pie or shepherd's pie whichever
you prefer to call it and i hope you
enjoy
you